@article{ding-2015,
title = {Next-day MV/LV substation load forecaster using time series method},
journal = {Electric Power Systems Research},
volume = {119},
pages = {345-354},
year = {2015},
issn = {0378-7796},
doi = {https://doi.org/10.1016/j.epsr.2014.10.003},
url = {https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378779614003575},
author = {Ni Ding and Yvon Bésanger and Frédéric Wurtz},
keywords = {Distribution system, Load forecast, Smart grid, Spectral analysis, Time series, Weather uncertainty},
abstract = {With smart-grid development, distribution networks have attracted more and more attention. As an important infrastructure of smart-grid projects, smart meters collect individual consumption information based on which forecasting models are to be built. A time series method is applied to answer the need for next day Medium Voltage/Low Voltage (MV/LV) substation load forecasts. An additive time series method divides the analysis into three parts: a trend, a cyclic, and a random error component. The first two parts are deterministic parts and are modeled separately with dummy variable regression models. The final forecasting results are obtained by adding the forecasting results of these two models. The random error part is looked through in detail to ensure the wellbeing of the parametric model. Advanced signal processing methods are incorporated in the method such as ANalysis Of VAriance (ANOVA) nullity test and smoothed periodogram. The results of the method are encouraging compared with a naive model. Weather uncertainty as an important aspect to the load forecast is also discussed at the end of the paper. The method has been successfully applied to French distribution networks.}
}

[[Bibliography]]