@article{LIU2020102724,
title = {Quality-related English text classification based on recurrent neural network},
journal = {Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation},
volume = {71},
pages = {102724},
year = {2020},
issn = {1047-3203},
doi = {https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jvcir.2019.102724},
url = {https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1047320319303451},
author = {Cheng Liu and Xiaofang Wang},
keywords = {Recurrent neural network, Text categorization, English categorization, Feature Word Categorization},
abstract = {With the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology, text categorization technology is becoming more and more mature. However, text categorization in real situations still faces various unconstrained conditions. English text is an important part of text information, it is also an important way for people to get information from abroad. How can everyone get the desired content from the massive data quickly and accurately, it has become a hot issue in current research. This paper improves the current text categorization algorithm based on English quality-related text categorization. The design and implementation of text categorization system are illustrated with an example of English quality-related text categorization system, complete the research work of text categorization algorithm. The core work of this paper is to mine, classify and analyze large amounts of data in English text by using the method of combining cyclic neural network with quality. Finally, the essential features of high quality English texts are obtained. Traditional English text categorization algorithm if the amount of training data is large, it is easy to show some defects such as unclear feature items. In view of these problems, in order to improve the accuracy and flexibility of English text categorization, this paper proposes a quality-related English text categorization method based on cyclic neural network. A mechanism combining attention is proposed to improve the problem of label disorder and make the structure of the model more flexible. The model proposed in this paper is compared and optimized. Experiments show that the accuracy of neural text classification based on quality classification can reach about 96%.}
}

[[Bibliography]]